## node.txt

72 datasets + 1800 models

* The first column is the node's ID.
* The second column is the node's type: '0' for 'model' and '1' for 'data'.
* The third column is the feature list (17 digits):
	* data node:
		* 1: Owner User (integer encoding).
		* 2: Licenses (integer encoding).
		* 3: Number of classes in the dataset.
		* 4: [Usability Rating](https://www.kaggle.com/product-feedback/93922): rated by Kaggle to evaluate how easy-to-use a dataset.
		* 5: Hotness: average of 'totalViews', 'totalVotes' and 'totalDownloads' (after standardized).
		* 6~9: 4 digits vector generated by BoW based on 'classes'.
		* 10~17: 8 digits vector generated by Word2Vec based on 'datasetSlug', 'title', 'subtitle', 'description' and 'keywords'. 
	* model node:
		* 1: Training Data: id of training dataset, consistant with the node id for data node.
		* 2: Base Model: encoded to integers 0-24.
		* 3: GPU Type: '0' for GeForce RTX 3080, '1' for Tesla P100, '2' for Tesla T4, '3' for A100-SXM4-40GB.
		* 4~9: model features (with CPU: 11th Gen Intel Core i7 11700F, GPU: GeForce RTX 3080):
			* para_num: number of parameters.
			* size(MB): model file size. 
			* depth: topological depth of the network, counts the number of layers with parameters.
			* flops: floating point operations per second, measure the complexity of a CNN model.
			* Time (ms) per inference step (CPU).
			* Time (ms) per inference step (GPU).
		* 10~17: training record, which includes training accurancy and loss, validation accurancy and loss, testing accurancy and loss, sparse top-k categorical accuracy, and training time(s).
		

## edge.txt

9300 edges

* The first column is (model.id,data.id).
* The second column is the GPU type for testing and performance list(11 digits): 
	* 1: GPU Type: integer encoding, use the same mapping as GPU Type for model node.
	* 2~8: metrics: [accuracy,	balanced accuracy, auc, precision, recall, f1_score, jaccard similarity].
	* 9~10: losses: [hamming loss, log loss].
	* 11: time cost: predict time(ms) per image.


